(Episode 23)
The dead brain patient will barely survive a week and die soon.
Then proceed with the autopsy and deal with it afterwards.
Sir.
Can I proceed with the organ transplant...
and autopsy at the same time?
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable. Prosecutor Jung's brain-dead patient...
will proceed with both organ transplant and autopsy together.
It's too reckless.
It's literally a rare case.
That rare case is very similar to this case.
All the victims from this case are injured at the brain area, not organs.
According to the result, we found blood near the neck.
Without autopsy on the organs, we can conduct it on the neck and brain...
to unveil the cause of death.
(So what did he say?)
He said he'll reveal the truth by all means.
What's wrong with Prosecutor Jung?
How can he be so confident?
He has nobody to back up.
What?
Don't you know Prosecutor Jung?
His role model is a mayfly.
His style is to start on something without thinking of the next move.
But it's too much this time.
I'm sure...
he must be somewhere pulling his hair regretting his words.
My darn mouth! My mouth is making my body go through pains.
This mouth!
Why did I say such things when I don't even have plans?
I didn't win the lottery this time. What do I do now?
Who must be calling me now? I'm not in the mood for talking.
(Little Pup)
Hello? What's going on?
I'm curious about your choice.
I made the same choice as yours.
That was a touch choice. Are you sure about that?
Of course! That's why I made up my mind on that.
I can't believe it.
Aren't you somewhere alone pulling your hair?
You saw this in your dream, right?
No, I followed your phone ringing.
Hong Joo.
Rat! There's a rat!
Goodness! Where?
I mean, I have a cramp in my leg.
Oh, you mean that.
- You're not confident in this? - No.
It's feels like I just learned to walk, but now I need to run.
And it's like a slow turtle has to catch two fast rabbits.
Goodness.
Don't worry.
You'll suffer because you're slow.
But you'll catch both nonetheless.
What?
I dreamed about this.
The organ transplant will be done well.
You will win in the trial, making the convict to go to jail.
- Really? - Of course.
After catching the two rabbits,
we'll go see the sea.
That sea near that bus stop.
What a relief.
Why are you telling me about the dream now?
I didn't want you to be careless.
Don't worry, I won't be.
Go to work now.
Okay.
I forgot something.
Goodness.
Thanks for telling me about the dream.
(Entrance for petitioners)
You can't even detect a lie.
Ms. Kim, I think you should go back to the hospital.
Why?
Prosecutor Jung got an approval on the organ transplant.
What?
Give me the scissors.
Prosecutor Jung.
When I sent Hwan Hee to the operation room...
I left something in his fist.
I gave him this when he was six.
For his birthday, I think.
When he got that from me, he made up his mind.
To be a writer.
I can't...
forgive the person who...
went after my son's dream.
Don't worry, sir.
I'll make him guilty in the trial.
I'll work on the main artery now.
Okay.
The time of death is June 2, 5:17pm.
Start on the organ transfer now.
We'll start the dissection.
Hold it here.
Middle holder.
(Episode 23: Knocking on heaven's door)
(There's only one title in the other world. It's the sea.)
Nam Hong Joo.
Hey, Woo Tak.
- Are you on your way to work? - Yes.
Get in the car. I'll drop you on the way.
No, it's okay. It'll only take a few minutes by bus.
Get in. I'll get you there faster.
I just said those out of manners.
I was hoping you wouldn't leave.
Can I charge my power bank? Do you have the connector?
Yes, here.
Woo Tak, didn't you dream about the trial this time?
I didn't.
But you said you dreamt that Jae Chan won the case.
I didn't dream about it. It was a lie.
What?
Why would you lie about such a thing?
Jae Chan was too pressured about it.
I just wanted to cheer Jae Chan up.
I shouldn't have lied.
He'll be mad if he finds out.
I told you.
If you can cover up until the end, it's not a lie.
I can't be a murderer like this.
I'll tell the police about all your secrets.
Have you lied like that before, Woo Tak?
A lie that can be covered up.
No, never.
You don't have to wear that tomorrow for the trial.
I told the detention center.
Oh, it's a relief.
Lee Hwan Hee that lunatic.
How could you say that as the representative writer of Korea?
Because of that jerk,
I'm being accused as a murderer.
But...
don't you think you deserve to be called as a murderer?
You strangled the assistant first.
He then lost consciousness.
You pushed him in the elevator.
You had the intention to kill him.
(Charged for murder)
That's why you're charged for murder.
And you are a murderer.
You said you'll make me innocent.
I'll do that.
But don't forget about what you actually have done.
So it'll be worth the costly fee of hiring me.
Is it even possible to make me innocent?
It could have been hard if you were charged for homicide.
But thanks to the prosecutor, he charged you for murder.
It's easier to set you free when you're charged with murder.
If you charge him with murder, he can get out of it.
He killed a person, so I charged him for murder. What else?
Sir, you agreed too.
It's very tough to prove a murder charge in a trial.
And this isn't enough of preparation.
If he's not found guilty, it'll become a big problem.
So maybe it's safer to change the charge from the beginning.
Charge him for injury or assault.
We can't. It's clearly a murder.
Why are you so reckless?
You have something to back that up?
Yes, I do.
I hope Jae Chan doesn't go reckless relying on my dream.
He can't just be bold unreasonably.
He won't be reckless.
Are you looking for something?
I can't find my power bank.
Maybe it dropped under the seat.
Wait a second. I'll get it for you.
Never mind. I have an extra. Give it to me later when you find it.
It's red and about this size.
- Okay. - I'll go now.
Hong Joo.
Don't worry about Jae Chan.
I went through his investigation before.
He's very trust-worthy and careful at all times.
I know he's careful.
Jae Chan, you're too careless.
It's like you're on the express way without wearing a seat belt.
Wear a seat belt first.
Charge him with a murder, but put assault as preliminary charge.
That's too pathetic.
Preliminary charges are known as a charge that the prosecutor...
confessing to the judge that he's not confident with the case.
I will charge him for murder no matter what.
Prosecutor Jung will definitely charge you for murder.
How is a murder charge easier to set me free?
The difference between a murder and homicide is simple.
It's a murder if you pushed him thinking that the person would die.
"He wouldn't die."
If this thought occurred, then it's not a murder.
It's much harder to prove a murder charge than homicide.
If he can't prove the murder, you get to be free.
Let's see if Prosecutor Jung can prove your murder.
I'm eager to find out too.
Moon Tae Min, the accused, is a professor at Myungwon University.
The victim, Lee Hwan, worked as Moon's assistant.
The accused made his assistants, including the victim,
do his personal work, such as...
tutoring his children, washing his car,
or helping him on his moving day.
Mr. Moon made Mr. Lee run his personal errands.
He even assaulted his assistants...
because he didn't like their attitudes.
At 4:00pm of May 30, Mr. Moon...
assaulted the assistant at his publication event...
because he was holding a grudge against the assistant...
who reported Mr. Moon for assault and exploitation of labor.
Mr. Moon called MR. Lee separately and assaulted him.
The victim, Lee Hwan, revealed Mr. Moon's picture...
without his permission on that day.
The accused claims that his assault...
is a justifiable act.
In the process of assaulting...
the accused strangled the victim...
and made him pass out.
This fact led the accused to murder the victim, thinking...
when people found out about what happened...
he would lose everything.
I concede that there was minor bickering and physical fights.
However, the victim Lee Hwan, was too drunk...
to have a proper conversation on that day.
And that is why the accused left the scene right after.
The accused pushed the victim who lost consciousness...
through the gap on the bottom of elevator,
so the victim fell from about 20m height.
On June 2, 2016, 3 days after the incident...
at 5:17pm, the accused eventually led the victim to die.
When the accused left the scene, Lee Hwan, the victim,
couldn't hold his anger and kicked the elevator door and made a scene.
This made him to fall between the elevator door by himself.
I hereby charge him with a murder...
according to the Criminal Law Article 250 of section 1.
The accused doesn't have any motive to kill the victim.
There is no direct proof to prove that the accused killed the victim.
I hereby deny the charge.
The defense lawyer, please go through all the evidence.
Evidence number 34, disagree.
Evidence number 43, disagree.
Evidence number 43 is a testimony by a witness.
You disagree to this?
Yes, I disagree to it.
He's the only witness to this case, but he's 4 years and 9 months old.
It's very doubtful that this little boy could testify logically.
There is a need for us to hear from the witness ourselves.
[VIU Ver] E23 While You Were Sleeping "Knocking on Heaven's Door"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Ms. Son, aren't you going home?
No, sir. You should go first.
I have to look through some things.
Okay. I'll have to leave first.
Yes, sir.
Can a five-year-old testify in a trial?
That's my point. He'll be scared to talk in front of all those men.
That boy is easily frightened.
When I rescued him, he cried and peed in his pants.
But that boy is the only witness, isn't he?
If there is no testimonial from the witness, won't the accused be free?
I have to get his testimony in whatever way possible.
You said you heard from the boy at the patrol yourself, right?
Yes, I did.
How did you do that?
Wasn't the boy frightened at the patrol too?
I tried to meet his eye-level, talking to him in children language,
communing with his emotions.
Then he slowly testified.
Communing with emotions...
How do you do that? Will you teach me how?
Why were you scared of that guy?
If you tell me, I'll kick him for you.
Goodness.
Oh, talking in children's way.
But can you ask the witness in that way at the court?
Why should I ask myself?
I'll call up his guardians or some children's psychologists.
Mother, where should I put these?
Mother? just call me like you called me before.
Stop it, and off to work! All of you!
- Yes, ma'am. - Thank you for the food.
Thank you for the food.
You all go first. I'll sew a button on my shirt and go.
Mom, did you see the sewing basket?
Why is it...
Hong Joo, Prosecutor Jung left his cellphone here.
Mom, why is it here?
Did you hide it from me on purpose?
Yes.
I don't understand. Why?
You know, the boy really likes Santa Claus.
He testified well when I told him that I'm Santa's friend.
Santa Claus?
No, not Santa Claus, but Santa Grandpa.
I'm more like an anchor style.
I can't make sounds like that, shortening my tongue.
Why can't you?
Oh, my Woo Bin, you pooped. Was it nice?
Oh, I can shorten my tongue. Have you eaten?
Was it delicious? It hurts.
You're good too, Seung Won. Can't you do it?
No, I can't.
- Where is my cellphone? - Maybe you left it inside.
What a hectic.
My brother can definitely shorten his tongue.
- Really? - Perfectly.
Tell me. Why are you mean to Jae Chan these days?
What did he do so wrong that you're so cold to him?
You said you met him at the funeral 13 years ago.
You're okay when you see him?
I'm not okay.
I'm still trying to forget about your dad.
When I see Jae Chan, he just reminds me of your dad's accident.
Are you okay about it? I'm not.
I'm okay.
No, you're not okay.
What did you say when Jae Chan passed out last time?
You said you couldn't change anything in the dream like...
you couldn't with your dad's accident. You were so worried.
You cried so much, and you were out of your mind then.
I don't know about others. But I, as your mom, know it.
I can see what you're thinking. I can read your mind.
Dad's passing away, Jae Chan's accident and all that.
You're blaming yourself, and you're suffering from it.
You keep blaming yourself, and you're hurt inside.
And you'll keep doing that.
- Mom. - When you see Jae Chan,
it scares me that it will hurt you.
And it worries me so much.
So...
Mom.
I'm really okay.
I have good times because of him.
It really makes me happy.
So don't be cold to him.
Please like him like I do, will you?
Can you be nice to him?
Hong Joo, have you seen my phone?
Oh, it's here.
You must be going through a lot that you forgot this.
13 years ago, you were...
a scar and...
wound to me.
I thought it'd be okay if I just let it go.
But it hurts me so much.
It's not okay.
Goodness. the sea has a pretty view.
Will it look the same on my camera?
What's wrong? Are you worried about today's trial?
No, I have a witness and autopsy results on my hand.
The witness is a five-year-old.
The autopsy result isn't clear because of organ transplant.
Yes, but I have your dream that I can rely on.
But don't lower your guard.
Don't worry, I won't.
Yes, you shouldn't.
If you do,
I'll kick you myself.
(Trial in process)
Now, we'll ask the witness.
Hello, Lim Se Young. Can you hear me?
Yes, sir.
A policeman rescued you before, right?
Can you say what you told him to all the people here?
No, I can't.
The witness is too young.
How can the little boy testify?
Lim Se Young, you must tell us what you told the policeman.
Mommy.
I think it'd be hard to get his testimony.
Let's try again when he calms down.
We'll get back to the defense lawyer for the cross-examination.
No, I think I can question now because it's not about the accident.
Is that so?
Can the defense lawyer start the cross-examination now?
Yes, Your Honor.
It's too scary here, right?
You want to go home, right?
Yes.
How did you come here today?
By bus.
Which bus?
I don't remember.
If you tell me which bus you got on today,
you can go home now.
You really don't remember?
I remember. I think it was bus number six.
Se Young's mother, could you please confirm it?
Did you get here by bus number six?
No, we got on bus number 434.
Did you tell us a lie, Se Young?
I don't know.
The boy is only five years old.
- That is all for me. - How can he testify?
He made the boy a liar in a second.
He's our only witness.
It's over if we impeach the testimony like that.
Prosecutor, will you do additional interrogation?
Yes, Your Honor.
Your Honor, for communing with the witness with his emotions,
I'll have to ask him without using any law terms.
Okay. Go ahead.
Lim Se Young!
I'm a friend of Santa Claus!
You know Santa Claus, right?
Yes, are you really a friend of him?
This is a uniform for Santa's friends.
I can fly wearing this on Christmas!
What is that?
Oh, my gosh.
You would never lie to Santa Claus, right?
Yes.
So you would never lie to me too because I'm his friend, right?
You drew this picture for the policeman before, right?
- Yes. - That is a very nice drawing.
Do you remember what this man said to the other guy that day?
Yes, I remember.
Before I interrogate, let's us all hear from evidence number 67,
which was recorded on the victim's cellphone...
and compare it to the testimony.
Your Honor. If we hear the evidence now,
the child might repeat it.
No. Maybe he heard it already.
We'll listen to the child testifying and then listen to the evidence.
And this recorded file was found during the prosecutor's investigation.
This will be Lim Se Young's first time to hear this.
Continue with interrogation.
Se Young.
What did this man say to this man?
He pushed him and asked him if he's drunk.
He said something about being drunk.
Are you drunk?
Your drunk action is something that can't be forgiven.
So what did the right man say to the man on the left?
He said he doesn't need something.
And he said he learned how to clean his shoes.
I don't need to debut as a writer.
I learned nothing but cleaning your shoes and cars.
What's the point of becoming a writer?
The testimony is similar to the recording.
Now we have the witness' testimonial credibility.
Now the evidence on murder.
Se Young, it's almost finished.
What happened to these two after that?
The man in grey shirt strangled the man on the right and pushed him.
He pushed him so hard with a loud bang.
So how was the guy in the white shirt?
He suddenly fell asleep.
He fell asleep?
So what did the grey shirt guy do to the white guy who fell asleep?
He pushed him down the elevator door.
This means he pushed with a purpose. He did it.
That is all, Your Honor.
Goodness.
Hey, Santa Claus' friend!
How embarrassing.
Walk slowly. You might actually fly.
What? What is it?
How did you pull that off in front of so many people?
You're trying so hard.
Of course I have to.
The accused is trying to get his way right in front of me.
I can do more than being Santa's friend.
I can do something worse.
Worse?
Can I see that next time?
Of course.
It's rare to have an autopsy and organ transplant at the same time.
It's not actually rare.
Did you look into every case?
I actually did.
- I'll look forward to it. - Please do.
(Episode 24 will air shortly.)